So we successfully completed the forgot component and we actually got the passwords.
And now what is left is to create the component to reset our password.
So let's do it.
We'll create a view component reset and this will be all copy the code from register.
And I will sit here and we will keep only the password and the password config inputs.
This will be please insert your password or please reset your password and let other variables know
all that.
Here.
Set up.
And we will create data is equal to reactive and we will add the password.
Default is zero and the password confirm which is also empty and let's return the data.
So we added the these values we need also to add the function submit which is equal to an empty function.
Let's return the function here submit.
And this is also added.
Let's also console.log here.
And let's add this component to the outer.
So go here, all duplicate this and also this.
And the path will be reset.
But this time we will also add a token here because that is the uh, root is the reset slash and the
token that we will use, the component will be reset.
So that's it.
Now, if we click this link, we will go to the reset page where we can reset our password.
So let's make it work.
Let's import access here.
Let's make this synchronous and let's also import active.
And we will await Axios will post to reset.
And we will send this information.
So first we'll send the response in the buzzard confirm.
But we will send it like this because we need also to send the token from the path here.
So when you need to send password, password confirm and the token will get it from the crowd.
Don't confuse the crowd with the.
There are different things.
So this is equal to use out.
And we need to import it from viewers out there.
And the road is for the parameters in our URL.
The token will be equal to road that params.
That token like this.
And that should be it.
So we will send you the new password in the password confirmation along with the token which is in our
Ural.
And then we will reset our password.
In the end, we will then direct to login.
So to redirect we have to use the rather which is equal to use or alter.
So these are different functions.
One is used for the URL params and the second one is used to redirect to different pages.
So we will wait around the bush to log in and that should be it.
Now let's try to reset our password.
Old type of the new password.
One, two, three, four.
Submit.
And we got redirected to the login page.
So this means that we successfully changed the password.
So let's throw it out be it b dot com and if we use a password beep.
We will not redirect to the home because that was the old path.
Or if we put one, two, three, four, then we will redirect and we successfully logged in.
So the password is changed.
So this was how to reset passwords.